# General configuration options
ac_add_options --prefix=/app

# build thunderbird
mk_add_options MOZ_CO_PROJECT=mail
ac_add_options --enable-application=comm/mail

# build lightning extension
ac_add_options --enable-calendar

# use system libs if possible
ac_add_options --with-system-jpeg
ac_add_options --with-system-zlib
ac_add_options --with-system-libvpx
ac_add_options --with-system-bz2
ac_add_options --with-system-icu
ac_add_options --with-system-nss
ac_add_options --with-system-nspr
ac_add_options --with-system-png

#ac_add_options --enable-system-sqlite
ac_add_options --enable-system-ffi
ac_add_options --enable-system-pixman

# use optimizations and hardening
ac_add_options --with-pthreads
ac_add_options --enable-optimize
ac_add_options --enable-pie

# disable less useful features and minimize dependencies
ac_add_options --disable-debug
ac_add_options --disable-crashreporter
ac_add_options --disable-tests
ac_add_options --disable-strip
ac_add_options --disable-necko-wifi
ac_add_options --disable-updater
ac_add_options --disable-gconf
ac_add_options --disable-startup-notification

mk_add_options MOZ_MAKE_FLAGS="-j$FLATPAK_BUILDER_N_JOBS"

ac_add_options --enable-official-branding

export BUILD_OFFICIAL=1
export MOZILLA_OFFICIAL=1
mk_add_options BUILD_OFFICIAL=1
mk_add_options MOZILLA_OFFICIAL=1
